{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21080\viewh16240\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The project is based on the competition Sentiment Analysis on Movie Reviews hosted by Kaggle.\
\
Statement from Kaggle: 
\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The Rotten Tomatoes movie review dataset is a corpus of movie reviews used for sentiment analysis, originally collected by Pang and Lee . In their work on sentiment treebanks, Socher et al. used Amazon's Mechanical Turk to create fine-grained labels for all parsed phrases in the corpus. This competition presents a chance to benchmark your sentiment-analysis ideas on the Rotten Tomatoes dataset. You are asked to label phrases\'a0on a scale of five values: negative, somewhat negative, neutral, somewhat positive, positive. Obstacles like sentence negation, sarcasm, terseness, language ambiguity, and many others make this task very challenging.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 STEPS TO RUN THE PROJECT:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 1.
\f1\b  Clone 
\f0\b0 the repository on your local machine \
\
2. Install the packages from the requirements.txt file. \
	NOTE:  This contains all the packages in my environment and not all are used in the project.\
\
3.  Open the .ipynb in jupyter notebook and follow the steps laid out in there. \
	OR, If you plan to run the .py file open it in your terminal and run with the command:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 	python Notebook.py\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
4. Read the report for a better understanding of the concepts. 
\f1\b ENJOY!!
\f0\b0 \
\
\
The model has an accuracy of 60% on Kaggle website. You can add more function or tweak as you like.\
\
\
}